feat: adding KeyboardListenerComponent (#1594)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/inputs/keyboard-input.md

The returned value should be `true` to allow the continuous propagation of the key event among other
components. To not allow any other component to receive the event, return `false`.

> Flame also provides a default implementation called `KeyboardListenerComponent` which can be used to handle
> keyboard events which can be composed with a `FlameGame` or any other `Component`:
> 
> For example, imagining a `PositionComponent` which has methods to move on the X and Y axis,
> the following code could be used to bind those methods to key events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flame also provides a default implementation called `KeyboardListenerComponent` which can be used to handle
keyboard events.  It can be used as a mixin with a `FlameGame` or any other `Component`, or just extended:

For example, imagine a `PositionComponent` which has methods to move on the X and Y axis,
then the following code could be used to bind those methods to key events:
```

The returned value should be `true` to allow the continuous propagation of the key event among other
components. To not allow any other component to receive the event, return `false`.

> Flame also provides a default implementation called `KeyboardListenerComponent` which can be used to handle
> keyboard events. Like any other component, it can be added as a child to a `FlameGame` or another
> `Component`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flame also provides a default implementation called `KeyboardListenerComponent` which can be used to
handle keyboard events. Like any other component, it can be added as a child to a `FlameGame` or
another `Component`:
```
